Concepts:
	Wheel metaphor - Job is the hub; other objects are the spokes with endpoints.
	Star metafor - Job is the center; other objects are star's endpoints.
	Solar system metaphor - Job is the sun; other objects are the planets.
	
	Normally, All objects are tied to the job and are viewed in the context of the job, 
	i.e. elements relevant to, related to, helping to obtain the main prize - the end goal - the job.
	Sometimes elements are independent of a specific job and can be tracked as such - 
	various preliminary conversations with recruiters, contacts, etc. 
		
Entities:
	Emails (Sent, Received)
	Email Attachments (document repository - MS-Office, images, PDFs, etc)
	Websites
	Conversations
  	Interviews
  	Applications
	Submissions
  	Job Openings
  	People (Contacts, References, Recruiters, Interviewers, etc)
  	Companies
	Offers
	Job (end goal)
	
Data model:
	Since all objects are tied to the job, each of the main objects has a M-1 relationship with the job.
	Objects are also interrelated: 
	Conversation or Interview may involve more than one person - Conversation/Interview to Person - 1-M.
	Companies - user might have interviewed with the company multiple times Company to Interview - 1-M.
	Applications/Submissions - recruiters always ask if candidate has another active submission to the target company; 
	Company to Submission - 1-M. A recent (<1yr old) submission would preclude a new submission.
	
Job Search Process model:
	Workflow consisting of steps and substeps (multiple levels of steps)
	Each step contains (refers to) one or more entities which can be marked as "crucial" for the step
	Traversal of crucial steps can provide a big picture view of job search process
	Process has states: Initial, 1st Interview, 2nd Interview, ... Nth Interview, Offer, Negotiation, Acceptance of position
	No two job searches are the same; the workflow is NOT predefined.
	The workflow is a chain of activities: receive an email, call back, do the interview.
	The workflow can be simply a chronological sequence of various elements which get tied to the job opening.
	Introduction and capturing of the job opening starts the group of interconnected entities.
	General conversation which are not necessarily tied to a job may be tracked as well; track comms with recruiters, contacts, etc.


Entity Details (Logical Schema):
	Emails (Sent, Received); 
		Comments: can serialization of emails be automated to extract the data elements?
		Elements
			To
			From
			Subject
			Body
	
	Email Attachments (document repository - MS-Office, images, PDFs, etc)
	
	Websites
		URL
		Login Info - UID, Pwd
	
	Conversations
  	Interviews
  	Applications
  	Job Openings
  	People (Contacts, References, Recruiters, Interviewers, etc)
  	Companies
	Offers
	Job (end goal)
